it's my airlift pond water filter
aquaponic filter out the nitrates I'm on
my mosquito fish I have one air pump and
I'm filtering two ponds with one air
pump the other hose goes down there
you see the roots coming out of the rain
gutter
we'll be clothed
no moving parts
you got spearmint in here does real well
in the aquaponics that is a few other
plants might cut down by the river but
uh it's working okay just keep an
allergy down there's roots coming out of
there
that one buck is just sitting in the
water
this is my other system here the
floating raft it's got a pretty clear
root system in there Mary goes do pretty
good in there tomato plants dude don't
do very well actually producing a tomato
but uh they don't look very good now
this works really well the same system
but I got I have them in buckets all the
plants are in buckets I got marigold
with an experiment I got this teed off
into two buckets
their plants are going really well in
that system before I put that in the
water was green now it's a lot more
clear